Midnight, possible kiss (3 mins)
--------------------------------

They walked along the quiet riverside, fumbling with each others' hands. It took
them about ten seconds to get a comfortable grip, and by then they were grinning
and making a joke out of it.

It should've come as no surprise that they'd trip over eventually, traipsing in
the dark without looking at the ground beneath them. 


Character flashback (5 mins)
----------------------------

Gorn remembered back to when he saw his daughter every day. In the months before
he left for the army, she was always around him: sitting next to his chair and
rocking back and forth on the ground laughing; following him and giggling while
insisting on having a piggyback ride; sometimes finding her way into his and his
wife's room in the wee hours and snuggling up to them both. Those were the good
times, when he was content with his simple life...

His mind snapped back to reality with a start. No use brooding like that, he
thought, or we'll soon be two sulky teenagers moping about around the world.


Character appearance & background (10 mins)
-------------------------------------------

Gorn Markusson had the clear outline of a stocky, well-built man, but two
decades of living as a quiet recluse had taken away much of the muscle he
developed during intense army training. Now, though not frail, his frame
appeared tall and slim. He wore heavy clothing and always carried a number of
utility items with him -- including his gun, which he seldom allowed himself to
be parted from.

From a glance of his character, a bare minimum of information could be inferred
about his upbringing -- though this isn't a surprise for a fifty year old army
veteran. Most of his childhood was uninteresting and he believes he largely
wasted his time as a carefree child due to his own fault.

One point of interest was his hair: a consistent and reflective silver, the hue
that only the oldest of elvenkind could attain naturally. Before the loss of his
family, it was a light brown -- as such, he originally believed that his grief
caused it to lose colour.


Alone stream of consciousness (10 mins)
---------------------------------------

I can't believed I've been roped into this. The stupid girl is probably lying to
me and she'll lead me to some organisation where they'll rob me or something
evil. Hmph, why am I trusting her? This is stupid. Stupid, stupid. I'm retired.
Never fought in a war. I'm useless. Protect her? How so? I couldn't protect my
own family. Pathetic. There's nothing for me to do for her.

...But, there's something I could do for me. I could try to set things right. I
won't deny that she's used the fact that I've--I've lost you, Sharah, but she
reminds me of you. There's something--something, like the big spot on her face
or the way her face widens when she smiles, that's just like you. And I need
you, Sharah. I always needed you. Trixie is... giving me a chance. To have you
once more. I... I won't deny, it's kinda weird... Grrrrraaaaah, is this OK? Will
Trixie hate me for these thoughts? Is it... is it just another weak way of
pretending everything is fine?

I don't know. But I made a decision. I'll stick with it.

Where are we even going, then? She was so vague in all her so called
'explanations'. Gave me more questions than I had before, hmph. I guess we're
start with Rushbar on the north road... then there's that river, whatever the
name is, which leads to... Selebar, that's it. But if we don't find anything
there, we'd have to go back the other way... Such a pain!


Confession (10 mins)
--------------------

``You know how you made that comment about it being easy to drag people in to
help with your schemes as a young girl? Well, I won't pretend any longer: my
reason is an amount more complex than just appreciating Little Misses like
you.''

Gorn recalled how his terrible loss came to be. ``I... I lost my daughter twenty
years ago. In a-- raid, she and my wife were killed. Killed and-- and left just
inside the porch.''

Trixie listened quietly, having at least enough tact to know to stay silent
while he confessed.

``The truth is... you're my replacement. These... past two decades have been
substanceless.'' He laughed bitterly. ``I've been a ghost stuck inside a empty
shell for most of my life because I just couldn't admit to myself that there was
nothing I could do. For twenty bitter years, I woke every morning to a silence
so deafening that I could do nothing but walk like a zombie through the day
until I went back to sleep. It... it wasn't fair.''

``I can't stand myself for this, but... I've forgotten how my girl used to
look. So when you begged me for assistance, I could only see my beautiful Ranne
crying and
